# CS-305-Project

My client was Artemis Financial, a consulting company that makes individual financial plans for their customers. The types of plans they work with include savings, retirement, investments, and insurance. Artemis Financial wanted to update their software security to the current standards. They are looking for mitigation advice and expertise on protecting the organization from external attackers. Part of this issue is addressing any security vulnerabilities in their current software code base. 

I think I did well on the explaining the algorithm ciphers and why to use a particular one over another. I learning a lot about what goes into a good cipher, and the differences between different types. It is important to code securely to avoid attacks from the outside, so as to avoid loosing user data and company information. This can affect the company's customers, where trust and data is lost. Because attacks are inevitable, software security adds a tremendous amount of value to a company's wellbeing, where customer trust is established, and trade secrets are kept secure. For example, without security in coding the worst can happen where a company looses all of it's database data. The value of security therefore, is the value of all that data combined, and anything else that might be at risk.

The part that was helpful for me was learning about the certificate authorities and how secure connections are maintained across web apps and customers. This is something that I will have to work with as my career progresses, and will prove invaluable. This is one layer of security that particularly stuck out to me, but there were other layers that were added in this project. We added an algorithm cipher, query parameterization, dependency check, and certificate. In future tasks, I would use these techniques and technologies to assist me in assessing vulnerabilities. As part of making the code functional and secure, these techniques were paired with processes such as static testing and code reviews. Another way I used these techniques was using a dependency check after refactoring code. This ensured there were no vulnerabilities introduced into the code base. I will definitely be using the dependency check and secure coding practices to ensure that code is secure for future assignments and career tasks. If it is one thing I want employers to see from this assignment, it is how I made sure that all aspects of vulnerabilities were explained and addressed, without leaving any detail out. 
